Miscellaneous fixes and tweaks (#28)
auth0/auth0-angular: README.md

}
```

> By default the application will ask Auth0 will redirect back to the root URL of your application after authentication, but this can be configured by setting the [`redirectUri` option](link to docs).

Reviewer: Updating the link to the property. Also, let's update that doc to include this default value.

```suggestion
By default the application will ask Auth0 will redirect back to the root URL of your application after authentication, but this can be configured by setting the [`redirectUri` option](https://auth0.github.io/auth0-angular/interfaces/authconfig.html#redirecturi).
```
